I feel obligated really and
look what I said the other day I don't feel like
having to
talk about this subject and these people again at all. I
'm very well, very calm, okay, these
people are not necessary at all on my
channel in fact, have you checked
who I am talking about, about the dog or
anything, I mean, there's this whole bombshell about the
dog now everyone is releasing videos
and it's not even over, videos about it nor have I
spoken about this subject or anything because it
really happened, I
mean, it happened three towns, it happened three
towns, I don't care at all, I'm
really saying it, I don't care, it was already talked about
in its day, I have my opinion
and well if there's a judge who in turn
dismisses the case, well, okay, I don't care at
all, I assure you, there
's nothing in life that I care more about
and if there's an expert who comes and says that
that dog is not the same, I'm not going to
accuse him of anything, okay, I'm not going to, I was
going to make a video now accusing them
of anything or contradicting them,
honestly, I'm very calm and
I'm doing very well with my Marbella cleaning
by with my super mario with the
lollipop channel with a lot of things and I
really don't need those people on
my channel nor do I want them and I really don't want them
in a long time since anyone talked about
them here unless there's a salsa dancer
but the thing is that even this has happened and
even this thing with the dog has happened and no I'm not
talking about the subject because the truth is
I'm lazy and I'm going to say
okay but something has happened that the truth is that it has
made me have to come out and
clarify some things no and the truth is that it
seems absurd to me to lie about
things as absurd as this and that there are
papers that there are papers and what the [ __ ] and that it
can be proven it doesn't turn out to be that I will
do today they know how to go up and have released
a statement okay I'm only going to
mention and I'm going to deny the part that
corresponds to me okay the rest there is to
the others with her okay and I'm saying it I
know that you see it's very tedious but it's that I do
n't want anything from these people I don't want
them on my channel I want
absolutely nothing to do with these
people ok I'm doing very well with the
things that I  I talk to how I do my
live about my thing and I don't care and I don't care I'm
lazy I don't need them anymore I don't
need it on my channel okay I don't
need this on my channel Dallas came to
present a witness he also
youtube javier oliveira who assured that
my father's dog is argos which he had already
stated on his own
youtube channel well first of all I have to
say that I was not at any time a
witness she does not put it in this but a
friend of hers has said that I went to
verify that to identify the dog
I at no time have I gone to
identify the dog
to identify the dog I am an expert or
anything to identify the dog I went
as a witness to testify about the
things that I had which were
conversations with them with antonia
okay so my obligation okay once they
needed to go was to present
my cell phone and take the
conversations which were conversations and
audio and they verified them okay here you have the
paper that tells you that the court of
Seville
verified those conversations on my cell phone
okay on my whatsapp ok this is what I was for I
was at no time this is
this  The paper is from the Seville court,
okay, at no time am I going to
identify the dog. I'm telling you what
I know. I'm telling you what I know and what they
told me, okay, my opinion. The
opinion that I have been able to give based on
this issue has always been
based on these conversations.
If someone tells me something on audio, well that's
the opinion that I have.
Now, if there's a judge who says the
opposite or there's an expert who says the
opposite, I'm not going to
question it, okay, nor am I going to manipulate
people's opinions, and I'm not going to tempt
people. People can have their opinions, okay,
I'm not going to accuse anyone. It
seems fine to me that when a judge
rules something, it should be sacred, but let it
always be okay. Because if this case has been
dismissed for the moment, okay, because there is no
acquittal or sentence, they have filed it,
dismissed, I think it's called Lohan. Then,
okay, now the hearing
when Dallas has appealed, well now the
hearing
has to decide whether to accept the appeal or
not, okay, once the
process is over, if the trial is over, whatever it is, maybe I will
give my  opinion but
right now if they have dismissed the case okay but
man let him go to mass every time they
file a case no because they have also
dismissed the gender violence case not from
Dallas but that is not respected or how it goes
that is what I defend no basically
but anyway this man says he came
forward as a witness after having been
denounced by my mother and me
for the serious insults and humiliations
to which he has subjected us for months
Oliveira has constructed the story that
our complaint was due to revenge
for having presented himself as a
witness in favor of Dallas being
fully aware that he is lying because
our complaint was filed previously
and the documents can be referred to well
then let's go let's refer to the
documents then okay let's
refer to the documents then I
really am very lazy with this
issue okay but it does not seem
so absurd to me to lie in this
nonsense, I mean no no ok it is
true that I disassociated myself from them in
January 2018 I
disassociated myself from  them because I see things
that don't fit
so I disassociate myself from them I don't
want to be associated with them anymore and I
make this video okay but I never send
harassment to anyone in fact look at what I say I
needed to vent but even so I'm not
going to ask you please that if you
have the minimum of respect or affection for me that you do
n't go to things okay because
really if you're going to harass her it
hurts me okay even if you're going to tell me that I'm an
idiot or whatever it hurts me that she has a
bad time and that the river thing she
had a bad time I don't think so too do you
notice what I say when I disassociate myself
from her okay after that after
that what happens is that I think that maybe there has
been a misunderstanding okay
in the sense that they
have thrown their friends to insult me
apart from throwing their friends to
insult me yes it is true that both
her and the mother well since then
okay when I disassociate myself from them what is
happening because people say ostia
aviol and  beira plane and measure does not
support them either because then I don't know what I don't
know how much no
and then they
assume that because of me people
believe me no or something like that I don't know but it
is true that they start to post
things on their social networks
insulting to me not here tagging
even there are some okay here I'm going to put
some it's I can't put them all
basically because it's not necessary okay
but there are many more things that the judgment
right now is suspended for one thing
that I'm not going to tell you yet
but that is quite strong ok
retweeting this okay here you can see
that antonia is tagged because she
is retweeting this that if I am a
cyberbully that if they have to give me
a carancho to
this tweet that went very viral 11,000
likes okay it was thanks to the fact that they
shared it ok where they call me a stalker
among other things
in this this tweet depot where they call me
a shitty stalker and a sick person
and several insults it is April 17th
I want you all to be aware of the
dates okay April 17th ok this everyone
the retweets antonia ok this is all
retweeted by antonio
javi oliveira is the biggest piece of garbage on the
internet it seems worse to me than dallas here
she saying that there is a pack she
retweets this or rather she she then I will do
a couple of live broadcasts I have
recorded that I also say a couple of
quite unpleasant things not like my
nose is getting swollen little by little
okay when I linked to her I
said it a thousand times and I repeat it again I
have no intention at any
time I really do not want to
ruin her to ruin her
work or that she cannot dedicate herself to what she does
or anything it just
starts to get on my nerves too much
okay antonia already this once after they
filed the complaint there was this month of
August 2019 when she deleted more than 80
tweets from her twitter account she will
think that because she deleted them they do not
exist but they exist antonia okay what is
happening
that I I I
no I did not present myself as a witness
when I found out about the complaint much
less that is not telling the truth  without
me without me knowing it's without me
knowing they
ask me as a witness on May 5,
May 5, 2019 okay they summoned me
as a witness I have the obligation to
go okay because because in the middle of the
fight that I have with her well it is known
that I have certain information they
need me as a witness on May 5,
okay and on May 5 look or well maybe
a few days later these are
sealed on May 16 I don't know but on
May 5 the parties are supposed to be notified
okay it came out I found out a few days
later
May 5 look what I have here
this video of mine is from May 6
May 6 damn yesterday they blocked me I will
do it and her mother they had blocked
stadiums today and there for some kind of
reason or whatever they decided to
block me from these twitterers not
only have they blocked my area on their
twitter but yesterday I
also received another new piece of news and that is that not
only is she going to participate in that
film by this great director but she
also has a leading role  in
this guy's short film this ending
that I didn't know who he was until I
tried to get into his profile and it turns out
that he's also blocked me hey
people hate me lately but you only have to
do a couple of searches to
find out who this guy is who
gave him a leading role in his
short film and he's the brother from my area
all these families were
meeting there while they were having dinner and they
all decided together to block minds
and we're going to block javi who will be there on
May 5th the same day that they ask me
as a witness that they notify me as a
witness on May 5th the whole family blocks me on
May 5th the whole family blocks me
I have a message that I'm not going to show
okay because it's from third party
well I'm part of this cooperation
what nonsense but I'm not going to show it not
in which a friend that we had in
common okay this person is no longer a
friend of mine
I ask her okay because antonia posts
something on twitter and asked me hey this
is about me and she sends me a message from
antonia in which antonio says that she's
never going to touch javi  that Javi will
never touch him that
many things have happened but that she I don't know that since we will
talk someday because this
is a misunderstanding I don't know what it's worth this
are weeks before in fact okay
therefore the date is becoming clear
May 5th May 5th they notify me as a
witness and the parties are notified that
Javier and measured are requested as a witness
this is the foot of the lawsuit that is filed against me
this is the foot of the lawsuit that is filed against me the
lawsuit is
filed on June 3rd
June 3rd
until they admit it for processing and that it
arrived in September which it wasn't because she already
requested summer so how is it
possible that on May 5th they
notify me as a witness
and I file the lawsuit on June 3rd they
are not saying that I presented myself as a
witness when they filed the lawsuit against me I
insist I the lawsuit was in
September yes it's true that there was
someone in the summer I don't know if in August
somewhere who told me but I didn't
believe it okay but I found out about the lawsuit
in September they will arrive to me in
September okay but come on  that I
put it in June a month later
a month later apart
apart if they are saying yes
they are telling me that they
sued me before the witness thing you
are telling me that they sued me
before May 5th I have
been reading the lawsuit today okay I have been
reading it today because it turns out
that it has been like a couple of years since I
last read it and I have been reading it today
and
in the lawsuit so many that she says that
I have made 200 videos in the lawsuit they
include six videos okay they in the
preliminary hearing also presented
evidence that the judge did not include okay
they tried to present an email like
my lawyer told her to move this lawsuit they
are filing it when they found out
that my client is a witness and they stop to
argue that they tried to present as
evidence an email a supposed email that I did not
get to see because it was not
admitted as evidence okay an email that
they say is from April in which
she is ordering the lawsuit and I am
wondering if in the lawsuit you have included
six videos
and I am saying that in April you
were ordering it that they were
ordering if the majority of those six
videos are later are
later April
in fact in fact
[Music]
in this video that they put in the lawsuit
okay in this video this video is not
directed at them okay the insults they
put in this video are not directed at
her who was it when things went
wrong okay it went wrong because
her friends made threats to me okay with things
that are that only they can get out of
her no and I here in this video I am already
warning
in the end it will harm and I say look at the
end because of the clowns acts that they
are clowns in the end they are going to
harm other people and I don't want
because you want that I have not had
much affection for them here in this video that
you have filed the lawsuit no I am already
warning you that the video is not for you and
that I do not want to harm
then it
is not true you have lied about the truth
in today's statement I did not
present myself as a witness as revenge for them to
sue me the lawsuit is
filed a month later
and there are papers the lawsuit is filed a month
after they find out that I am going
detective along
I have not gone to identify the dog
okay what I went for was for them to
verify some audios  and some
conversations
ok
equally subject lawsuit in that lawsuit
you have presented 6 videos
I am glad that at least today you
said that the lawsuit was for insults
because the media has been saying
one thing that is not true either that it was
a lawsuit for harassment and defamation, I do
n't know what things, something like that, not like
I knew the course of things, I don't know that the
lawsuit is for insults okay those
insults that they put in the lawsuit I already
made a video reading the entire lawsuit
and they have included insults that are not directed at
them okay as if they were directed at her okay I
really repeat it again I live
very peacefully I do not need these people
in fact after this video I am not going to
mention it again really if you tell me
something again you are going to drag me
into something again I am not going to answer anymore I am not going to
answer anymore okay
but I will repeat it again really the
lawsuit you have put videos taken out of
context
wanting to say that I say one thing the
lawsuit is not for insults as such the
lawsuit is for violation of honor okay
they consider that I have violated their
honor because they say that in my
videos  she implied that she
sleeps with people for jobs, I have
never said that in my life, nor does it even cross my mind to say
that, please,
please, it never even
crosses my mind to say that and
they want me to be responsible
with that lawsuit that the image they
have of her or of being called casa
pan is my fault, ma'am, please,
that is not the case and you know it, okay, she
is there and I will fight it in the first
instance in the hearing and in the
supreme court if necessary and we will be
fighting as many years as you want but I will not
admit that because it is not okay, I
repeat it again, I repeat it, I
live very peacefully, it is not that I no longer
need us, it is that I do not want to
have them on my channel, it is that I do not want to
have them on my channel nor do I want this a
war of something that happened
four or five years ago, I really do not
own
anything if you want me to delete a
video that clarifies something that can be
misinterpreted or you know that here
you say something and people can
interpret it hey if you want
anything to  talk to me talk to me really listen you
know look this video bothers us a lot
and I delete it and you guys live your
lives quietly and I live my life quietly
you guys with your
content quietly and I with mine
quietly but not environment don't
lie about me please don't lie
about me please yes I was a witness in
that trial okay to the one I don't judge that it
is a process but there hasn't been a
trial because they have followed it okay but they
called me they called me
at a time when you
were attacking me a lot and you know it you
were attacking me a lot and at
that moment I have to have a detective I have no
choice if you report me and
when he finds out that I'm going as a witness
there it is the date if there are no
more it is that he says no like what he has put
and the documents can be sent to
remove the documents do you have the date
when they
notify me of witnesses you have the date
when they file the lawsuit that you have to
add to it when it arrives and you have the
date that I think February of the
following year which is when they need me
so that I go  with my cell phone and the
court in Seville verifies my cell phone
okay that's it I don't want
any real war nor do I want to
talk about you guys nor am I going to answer anymore
but stop provoking me really because
if not you're not going to find me I don't
know if it's to reopen the trial that
's suspended or something like that I don't
know but even if not really what happened
I'm very calm with my Roco
jurado with my sal followed by Marbella
by with my Super Mario that I don't need
this I'm really saying it if you want to
end this so we can solve
things get in touch with me
really get in touch with me
javi delete this video I'll delete it it
really doesn't mean anything to me if I
then receive a video that could be
misinterpreted or that is hurtful that is not
my intention it is hurtful I'll delete it I'll
delete it and if you want me to clarify something of course
but leave me alone for real
when not examine the other day in tweets
giving me a hint when even the
mother the mother today has sent me I don't know
how many tweets saying that I send the
people that I pointed at people and
people attacked the lawyer the other day
making a video of me the next day the
lawyer laughing that I don't have the that's
normal please that's it's it's it's it's
Antonia that's it really is
if she trusts herself this is not going to
serve any purpose because you don't
want things to stop you don't
want things to stop because the
same wave offers a lot of times and you don't
want to stop but sometimes let's see if you
don't have so much resentment with me that it
lasts a lifetime really it's
unnecessary I don't I don't I don't
present myself arrest because you
sue me and okay and you didn't have
the thought of sending me if it hadn't
been for me presenting myself as witnesses okay
I have to present myself as witnesses
because it requires me that I have to
present myself I have no choice and I have to
go with the truth okay and I have not
violated her honor from my point of
view nor has my intention been to ruin her
work okay it's that I don't care if she's
doing very well at work that she has
a lot of evidence it doesn't matter to me really
you said Vietti  that was marked on
twitter you tagged brand so that
I lose a contract
that is not my intention that I do not want to
be fighting nor do I want to be
with this my whole [ __ ] life that once I
disconnected the internet my life is different I
have two children my family my father who
is bad and really no no no no
really there is no need to spend a
lot of years with this battle that if
you yes I am already there he is already contact me
and look Javier no I have not
insulted in that video those videos
those insults were not aimed at you nor I will
never in my life I will never
in my life understand that nobody
sleeps with anyone for work please
what nonsense that no no no I never implied that
and if there is someone who has been able to I will clarify it
here okay no never ever make him
understand that I have always referred to
Antonio's contacts friends
the thing he does is already okay if you want to solve it he
will contact me I would
solve it look Davis delete this
sad guy and that's it and each one goes his own way
if it is I do not  I'm talking about you all if
any being goes viral and I
find it interesting to comment on, well, I'll
comment on it with all due respect just
like I do with everyone else and that's
fine and nothing happens everyone can
contact me to remove a
video so that in fact but man don't
put me in this statement because I don't
have anything here that I that is that I
wasn't talking about the dog do you
think I can't make a video or have
made 8 videos now and 8 directly
talking about the dog of course I
could but I'm too lazy and I don't
need it if it's that later if it's not
worth it to me yes you if it's not that
even the videos are not monetized
when they are controversial they are not
monetized on youtube no no I do
n't want more with this subject that
I'm lazy
but don't put me in this statement
saying that I being fully
aware that I'm lying because it's not like that it's not like that it's not like that
papers it's
not like that there are papers man please
no
if you surely find out
students that I that I was a witness to
something
and that's it and that's it please  I'm not going
to answer you anymore, I'm not going to answer you, it's
better to go each one on their own, I'm not going
to answer anymore,
but leave me alone too,
if this anime has already gone out of
fashion it would be a thousand years